1. After a night of heavy airstrikes, the Israeli military announced Tuesday that its expanded operation in Gaza City "to destroy Hamas' military infrastructure" has begun and warned residents to move south.
经过一夜的猛烈空袭，以色列军方于周二宣布，其在加沙城开展的“摧毁哈马斯军事基础设施”的扩大行动已启动，并警告当地居民向南撤离。
After a night of heavy airstrikes, the Israeli military announced Tuesday that its expanded operation in Gaza City "to destroy Hamas' military infrastructure" has begun and warned residents to move south.

2. The announcement by Israeli military spokesperson Avichay Adraee followed Defense Minister Israel Kataz's statement that "Gaza is burning" and further escalated the Israel-Hamas war as any potential ceasefire feels even further out of reach despite weeks of diplomacy.
以色列军方发言人阿维查伊·阿德拉伊发表上述声明之前，国防部长伊斯雷尔·卡茨曾表示“加沙正在燃烧”。尽管各方已进行数周外交努力，但任何潜在停火似乎仍遥不可及，此次扩大行动进一步加剧了以哈冲突。
The announcement by Israeli military spokesperson Avichay Adraee followed Defense Minister Israel Kataz's statement that "Gaza is burning" and further escalated the Israel-Hamas war as any potential ceasefire feels even further out of reach despite weeks of diplomacy.

3. Also Tuesday, U.S. Secretary of State Marco Rubio left Israel and arrived in the energy-rich nation of Qatar, where he planned to meet with its ruling emir as the nation is still incensed over Israel's strike last week that killed five Hamas members and a local security official.
同样在周二，美国国务卿马尔科·卢比奥离开以色列，抵达能源资源丰富的卡塔尔。他计划在卡塔尔与该国执政埃米尔会面，而卡塔尔目前仍对以色列上周的一次袭击感到愤怒——该袭击导致5名哈马斯成员和1名当地安全官员死亡。
Also Tuesday, U.S. Secretary of State Marco Rubio left Israel and arrived in the energy-rich nation of Qatar, where he planned to meet with its ruling emir as the nation is still incensed over Israel's strike last week that killed five Hamas members and a local security official.

4. While Arab and Muslim nations denounced the strike at a summit Monday, they stopped short of any major action targeting Israel, highlighting the challenge of diplomatically pressuring any change in Israel's conduct in the grinding Israel-Hamas war.
尽管阿拉伯和穆斯林国家在周一的峰会上谴责了以色列的此次袭击，但并未采取任何针对以色列的重大行动。这凸显出在旷日持久的以哈战争中，通过外交手段施压以促使以色列改变行为方式面临着巨大挑战。
While Arab and Muslim nations denounced the strike at a summit Monday, they stopped short of any major action targeting Israel, highlighting the challenge of diplomatically pressuring any change in Israel's conduct in the grinding Israel-Hamas war.

5. Egypt, however, has begun to escalate its language against Israel, referring to it widely Tuesday as the "enemy" for the first time in years.
不过，埃及已开始升级对以色列的措辞，周二首次在全国范围内将以色列称为“敌人”，这是多年来的首次。
Egypt, however, has begun to escalate its language against Israel, referring to it widely Tuesday as the "enemy" for the first time in years.

6. Rubio, speaking to journalists in Israel before his departure, suggested the offensive on Gaza City had begun.
卢比奥在离开以色列前向记者表示，针对加沙城的进攻行动已经开始。
Rubio, speaking to journalists in Israel before his departure, suggested the offensive on Gaza City had begun.

7. "We think we have a very short window of time in which a deal can happen," Rubio said. "We don't have months anymore, and we probably have days and maybe a few weeks so it's a key moment — an important moment."
“我们认为达成协议的窗口期非常短，”卢比奥表示，“我们已经没有几个月的时间了，可能只有几天，最多几周。因此，现在是关键时期——一个重要的时刻。”
"We think we have a very short window of time in which a deal can happen," Rubio said. "We don't have months anymore, and we probably have days and maybe a few weeks so it's a key moment — an important moment."

8. "Our preference, our No. 1 choice, is that this ends through a negotiated settlement," he added, while acknowledging the dangers an intensified military campaign posed to Gaza.
“我们的首选，也是第一选择，是通过协商解决来结束这场冲突，”他补充道，同时承认升级的军事行动给加沙带来了危险。
"Our preference, our No. 1 choice, is that this ends through a negotiated settlement," he added, while acknowledging the dangers an intensified military campaign posed to Gaza.

9. "The only thing worse than a war is a protracted one that goes on forever and ever," Rubio said. "At some point, this has to end. At some point, Hamas has to be defanged, and we hope it can happen through a negotiation. But I think time, unfortunately, is running out."
“比战争更糟糕的是一场永无止境的持久战，”卢比奥说，“在某个时刻，这场冲突必须结束。在某个时刻，哈马斯必须被解除威胁，我们希望这能通过谈判实现。但不幸的是，我认为时间正在耗尽。”
"The only thing worse than a war is a protracted one that goes on forever and ever," Rubio said. "At some point, this has to end. At some point, Hamas has to be defanged, and we hope it can happen through a negotiation. But I think time, unfortunately, is running out."

10. Intensity of strikes in Gaza City grows
加沙城袭击强度持续升级
Intensity of strikes in Gaza City grows

11. After weeks of threatening an expansion of the Israeli military operation in Gaza City, Katz signaled it had begun.
在数周威胁要扩大以色列在加沙城的军事行动后，卡茨暗示该行动已启动。
After weeks of threatening an expansion of the Israeli military operation in Gaza City, Katz signaled it had begun.

12. "Gaza is burning," he said early on Tuesday morning. "The (Israel military) is striking with an iron fist at the terrorist infrastructure and soldiers are fighting heroically to create the conditions for the release of the hostages and the defeat of Hamas. We will not relent and we will not go back — until the completion of the mission."
“加沙正在燃烧，”他在周二清晨表示，“（以色列军方）正以铁腕打击恐怖分子基础设施，士兵们正英勇作战，为解救人质和击败哈马斯创造条件。我们不会松懈，也不会退缩——直到任务完成。”
"Gaza is burning," he said early on Tuesday morning. "The (Israel military) is striking with an iron fist at the terrorist infrastructure and soldiers are fighting heroically to create the conditions for the release of the hostages and the defeat of Hamas. We will not relent and we will not go back — until the completion of the mission."

13. The United Nations estimated on Monday that over 220,000 Palestinians have fled northern Gaza over the past month, after the Israeli military warned that all residents should leave Gaza City ahead of the operation.
联合国周一估计，在以色列军方警告所有居民需在行动前撤离加沙城后，过去一个月已有超过22万巴勒斯坦人逃离加沙北部。
The United Nations estimated on Monday that over 220,000 Palestinians have fled northern Gaza over the past month, after the Israeli military warned that all residents should leave Gaza City ahead of the operation.

14. An estimated 1 million Palestinians were living in the region around Gaza City before the evacuation warnings.
在撤离警告发出前，估计有100万巴勒斯坦人居住在加沙城周边地区。
An estimated 1 million Palestinians were living in the region around Gaza City before the evacuation warnings.

15. At least 20 Palestinians killed in Gaza City
加沙城至少20名巴勒斯坦人死亡
At least 20 Palestinians killed in Gaza City

16. Palestinian residents reported heavy strikes across Gaza City on Tuesday morning.
巴勒斯坦居民称，周二清晨加沙城各地遭遇猛烈袭击。
Palestinian residents reported heavy strikes across Gaza City on Tuesday morning.

17. The city's Shifa Hospital said it received the bodies of 20 people killed in a strike that hit multiple houses in a western neighborhood, with another 90 wounded arriving at the facility in recent hours.
该市的希法医院表示，接收了在一次袭击中死亡的20人的遗体——该袭击击中了西部一个社区的多栋房屋，近几个小时内还有90名伤者被送往该医院。
The city's Shifa Hospital said it received the bodies of 20 people killed in a strike that hit multiple houses in a western neighborhood, with another 90 wounded arriving at the facility in recent hours.

18. "A very tough night in Gaza," Dr. Mohamed Abu Selmiyah, director of Shifa Hospital, told The Associated Press
“加沙度过了一个极其艰难的夜晚，”希法医院院长穆罕默德·阿布·塞尔米亚博士对美联社表示
"A very tough night in Gaza," Dr. Mohamed Abu Selmiyah, director of Shifa Hospital, told The Associated Press

19. "The bombing did not stop for a single moment," he said. "There are still bodies under the rubble."
“轰炸一刻也没有停止，”他说，“废墟下仍有遗体未被挖出。”
"The bombing did not stop for a single moment," he said. "There are still bodies under the rubble."

20. The Israeli military did not respond to immediate requests for comment on the strikes but in the past has accused Hamas of building military infrastructure inside civilian areas, especially in Gaza City.
以色列军方未立即回应就这些袭击发表评论的请求，但过去曾指责哈马斯在平民区（尤其是加沙城）内修建军事基础设施。
The Israeli military did not respond to immediate requests for comment on the strikes but in the past has accused Hamas of building military infrastructure inside civilian areas, especially in Gaza City.

21. Families of hostages beg Netanyahu to halt the operation
人质家属恳求内塔尼亚胡停止行动
Families of hostages beg Netanyahu to halt the operation

22. Overnight, families of the hostages still being held in Gaza gathered outside of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's residence, pleading with him to stop the Gaza City operation.
夜间，仍被关押在加沙的人质的家属聚集在总理本雅明·内塔尼亚胡的官邸外，恳求他停止在加沙城的行动。
Overnight, families of the hostages still being held in Gaza gathered outside of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's residence, pleading with him to stop the Gaza City operation.

23. Some pitched tents and slept outside his home in protest.
一些人家搭起帐篷，在他官邸外过夜以示抗议。
Some pitched tents and slept outside his home in protest.

24. "I have one interest — for this country to wake up and bring back my child along with 47 other hostages, both living and deceased, and to bring our soldiers home," Einav Zangauker, whose son Matan is being held in Gaza, shouted outside Netanyahu's residence.
“我只有一个诉求——希望这个国家醒悟过来，把我的孩子以及其他47名人质（无论生死）带回来，把我们的士兵带回家，”埃伊纳夫·赞高克在內塔尼亚胡官邸外喊道，他的儿子马坦目前被关押在加沙。
"I have one interest — for this country to wake up and bring back my child along with 47 other hostages, both living and deceased, and to bring our soldiers home," Einav Zangauker, whose son Matan is being held in Gaza, shouted outside Netanyahu's residence.

25. "If he stops at nothing and sends our precious, brave, heroic soldiers to fight while our hostages are being used as human shields — he is not a worthy prime minister," Zangauker.
赞高克表示：“如果他不择手段，在我们的人质被当作人体盾牌的情况下，还派遣我们宝贵、勇敢、英勇的士兵去作战——那他不配当总理。”
"If he stops at nothing and sends our precious, brave, heroic soldiers to fight while our hostages are being used as human shields — he is not a worthy prime minister," Zangauker.

26. Israel believes around 20 of the 48 hostages still held by the militants in Gaza, including Matan, are alive.
以色列认为，在武装分子仍关押在加沙的48名人质中，约有20人仍存活，其中包括马坦。
Israel believes around 20 of the 48 hostages still held by the militants in Gaza, including Matan, are alive.

27. Hamas has said it will only free remaining hostages in return for Palestinian prisoners, a lasting ceasefire and an Israeli withdrawal from Gaza.
哈马斯表示，只有在换取巴勒斯坦囚犯释放、实现持久停火以及以色列从加沙撤军的条件下，才会释放剩余人质。
Hamas has said it will only free remaining hostages in return for Palestinian prisoners, a lasting ceasefire and an Israeli withdrawal from Gaza.

28. The war in Gaza began when Hamas-led militants stormed into southern Israel on Oct. 7, 2023, killing around 1,200 people, mostly civilians, and abducting 251.
加沙战争的导火索是2023年10月7日，由哈马斯领导的武装分子突袭以色列南部，造成约1200人死亡（其中大部分是平民），并绑架了251人。
The war in Gaza began when Hamas-led militants stormed into southern Israel on Oct. 7, 2023, killing around 1,200 people, mostly civilians, and abducting 251.

29. Most of the hostages have since been released in ceasefires brokered in part by Qatar or other deals.
自那以后，大部分人质已在由卡塔尔部分斡旋的停火协议或其他协议中获释。
Most of the hostages have since been released in ceasefires brokered in part by Qatar or other deals.

30. Israel's retaliatory offensive has killed at least 64,871 Palestinians, according to Gaza's Health Ministry, which doesn't say how many were civilians or combatants.
据加沙卫生部统计，以色列的报复性进攻已造成至少64871名巴勒斯坦人死亡，但该部门未说明其中平民和战斗人员的具体人数。
Israel's retaliatory offensive has killed at least 64,871 Palestinians, according to Gaza's Health Ministry, which doesn't say how many were civilians or combatants.

31. The ministry, which is part of the Hamas-run government and staffed by medical professionals, says women and children make up around half the dead.
加沙卫生部隶属于哈马斯领导的政府，工作人员均为医疗专业人员，该部门表示，死者中约有一半是妇女和儿童。
The ministry, which is part of the Hamas-run government and staffed by medical professionals, says women and children make up around half the dead.

32. Egypt escalates its rhetoric against Israel
埃及升级对以色列的言论抨击
Egypt escalates its rhetoric against Israel

33. Egypt, which has had a peace deal with Israel for decades and has served as a mediator in the war in Gaza, appears to be losing its patience with Israel.
埃及与以色列签署和平协议已有数十年，且在加沙战争中扮演调解者角色，如今该国似乎对以色列逐渐失去耐心。
Egypt, which has had a peace deal with Israel for decades and has served as a mediator in the war in Gaza, appears to be losing its patience with Israel.

34. Egypt's president, Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi, described Israel as "an enemy" in a fiery speech at the Qatar summit Monday.
埃及总统阿卜杜勒-法塔赫·塞西在周一的卡塔尔峰会上发表激昂演讲，将以色列称为“敌人”。
Egypt's president, Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi, described Israel as "an enemy" in a fiery speech at the Qatar summit Monday.

35. It was the first time an Egyptian leader used the term since the two countries established diplomatic ties in 1979, said Diaa Rashwan, head of Egyptian government's State Information Service.
埃及政府国家信息服务局局长迪亚·拉什万表示，这是自1979年两国建立外交关系以来，埃及领导人首次使用这一表述。
It was the first time an Egyptian leader used the term since the two countries established diplomatic ties in 1979, said Diaa Rashwan, head of Egyptian government's State Information Service.

36. Egypt was the first Arab country to establish ties with Israel and their peace treaty is seen as a cornerstone for stability in the volatile region.
埃及是首个与以色列建立外交关系的阿拉伯国家，两国的和平条约被视为这个动荡地区稳定的基石。
Egypt was the first Arab country to establish ties with Israel and their peace treaty is seen as a cornerstone for stability in the volatile region.

37. "Egypt is being threatened," Rashwan told the state-run Extra News television late Monday.
“埃及正受到威胁，”拉什万在周一晚间接受国营电视台“Extra News”采访时表示。
"Egypt is being threatened," Rashwan told the state-run Extra News television late Monday.

38. El-Sissi's "enemy" comment played prominently across Egyptian newspapers' front pages on Tuesday and while Cairo has taken no steps to change its status with Israel, the Egyptian government likely is trying to signal just how seriously it takes Israel's recent actions.
周二，塞西的“敌人”言论登上埃及各报纸头版显著位置。尽管埃及政府尚未采取行动改变与以色列的关系状态，但其此举很可能是为了表明，埃及对以色列近期的行为极为重视。
El-Sissi's "enemy" comment played prominently across Egyptian newspapers' front pages on Tuesday and while Cairo has taken no steps to change its status with Israel, the Egyptian government likely is trying to signal just how seriously it takes Israel's recent actions.